well I hope you're having a great drive
wherever you are drive safely Hands on
the Wheel eyes on the road my guest of
the day today is somebody who's um
taking some big bright steps as far as
uh the insurance sector is concerned
priia deshmuk is a seasoned professional
entrepreneur with Rich and diverse
experience spanning over almost three
decades in health insurance Healthcare
BP it ites Industries her expertise
spans across op operations strategic
planning sales Business Development and
automation along with a multi sectorial
expertise a strong people focus has been
instrumental in shaping priya's
exceptional career trajectory and the
reason she is here is because um she is
with icsa Lombard we're very proud to
present icsa Lombard presents getsum Sun
its eighth season 7 years of doing it
with our celebrity host rvir Singh and
now the eighth season is with aayushman
kurana
Priya is Head Health Products operations
and services at icad priia deshmuk
wonderful to see you how are you hey
Rishi U thank you for having me and
hello to all your listeners it's a great
pleasure to be here I want to just start
by talking about um your longtime
Association almost a a decade long
association with us with Radio 1 and get
some sun I think it must be unique even
in your portfolio marketing portfolio to
have a radio program that talks about
travel absolutely and uh it has made
some strides and has been very very well
taken and very famous uh in our consumer
base and uh the team really appreciates
the engagement lovely I want to start by
making this a informative session for
everybody who's driving and listening
this
morning there are lots of misconceptions
Priya about travel insurance and
obviously you view icsr Lombard's role
very very seriously in addressing uh
these
misconceptions I think all of us uh have
to understand that you are
representative of the industry
absolutely as opposed to just talking
about one brand how would you as
somebody at IC Lombard address these
common misconceptions well um you know
uh the amount of travel instances have
increased with the globalization and
people are uh now living through various
cities through various countries
together as well as students are
traveling so it's very very important to
understand what's covered not covered
how to really use the insurance coverage
when it comes to travel and through our
program today we're going to really
clarify some of these U you know
questions and uh I'm very happy to
mention that we've come up with a new
product travel secure plus which is very
modular it can be personalized it can be
you know kind of depending on uh the
needs of the consumer can be adjusted uh
on which country you're traveling and
what what kind of expenses could be
incurred and really it is so important
isn't it the the importance of having a
travel insurance
policy because it's almost as though
it's a tick boox for a lot of people
I've seen people in domestic travel not
even give it a second look I'd like you
to address the importance so that
everybody who's listening understands
why they need to get that travel
insurance policy look Rishi um in most
of the cases because the Visa and the
country that you're traveling to
mandates travel insurance people really
buy it as a tick in the Box uh but the
real exigency if hit um such as loss of
baggage cancellation of travel uh flight
or maybe instances we have so many
instances with people getting mugged uh
people having instances of
hospitalization emergency um you know
going to a particular City those are
real situations where travel insurance
come to rescue and we have you know very
large practice and uh for people who are
traveling most of these are happy
moments people are traveling for leisure
people are traveling for Vacations or
for that matter even work uh you know
preference or education all of these
instances in a life continum are happy
moments now uh the last thing anyone
would expect is a you know moment of
distress and people really buy insurance
travel insurance with the thought
that types you know but when there are
instances and we have you know as an
insurance company we see lot of lot of
people going through those situations of
loss of baggage and you know loss of
passport and multiple other these
distress situations and that's when you
realize that how important it is and God
forbidden nobody should experience such
an instance uh but uh you know you can
imagine uh we need to have uh you know
protection we need to have secured you
know uh assistance and support when it
comes to your travel the last thing you
want your travel to be dampened when
you're making you know memories with
your family or you know your uh you know
colleagues at work or conferences is
really getting getting caught into these
U you know unimaginable uh situations so
to say yeah you know I
found misconceptions should be as as
foolish sometimes as oh God it's too
expensive it's not it's actually a very
affordable product across the board if
you look at it I found people having
misconceptions like oh travel insurance
is only there if something happens to
the flight
incorrect something happens to your
passport something happens to a change
in timings there's so many other things
and as we progress further you're going
to also tell us about how there's even
your adventure life is covered which I
think is absolutely fabulous so on that
note let's let's talk about the new
product that you're extremely proud of
trip secure plus and with it the
evolving travel insurance landscape
because you know as well as I do Priya
that the world has changed so
rapidly one couldn't imagine going bung
jumping 10 years ago one couldn't
imagine going white water rafting 10
years ago you know but people are doing
all of that and because people are
evolving and people are changing travel
insurance also has to evolve no no
absolutely Rishi and as you rightly
mentioned uh there were classical days
in the past where Underwriters would not
you know uh insurance companies would
not underwrite uh you know ADV Sports
and uh Sports where there could be
injuries and so on and so forth so let's
first talk about the
misconceptions uh is travel insurance
buying the travel insurance very
expensive now imagine U you know a
family of two uh traveling to us uh for
education or maybe a Leisure trip and a
situation where there is a heart attack
or maybe a situation where there's an
accident because of fall or what what
have you the expense of not buying
travel Insurance the uh you know
healthare expenses and even getting
access uh to Medical Care in a city like
uh uh you you can talk about Boston or
for that matter even in UK is very very
tough so a access B the cost of buying
Insurance uh you know in India before
leaving the ab Boards of the country is
very very economic you know if I can say
it's very cheap compared to the cost
that one would incur uh you know
internationally and the Mis
misconceptions about uh only fly delays
or flight cancellations no the end to
endend product construct and that's
where trip secure comes into play uh
it's very very comprehensive uh from U
you know your you know rejection of Visa
fees so we cover visa fee processing
fees um we cover um you know loss of
baggage and there is nothing called as
waiting for you to prove that your
baggage has been lost we track it end to
end now coming uh to your question
around um you know the Next Generation
uh you you know uh Innovation uh
classical way of doing travel insurance
was you know covering the bare minimum
trying and giving the bare minimum
Assurance but our product really covers
uh the moments of Happiness see people
are traveling gone are the days where
people were traveling only and only need
of uh work or education or must have
situations now there are Leisure
Travelers which have increased during Co
we had uh you know lesser number of
Travelers but now it has tripled as we
talk and um you know bung jumping any
kind of Adventure Sports rafting and
many other things are covered so you can
really enjoy uh the real essense of uh
your leisure trip rather than worry
about your uh Safety and Security that's
what I would like to say I lombar
presents get some sun on Radio 1 is
really broken through and uh is a super
hit program anywhere you look at it
she's Health Head Health Products
operations and services at ICC Lombard
I'd like to delve into some more
properties of the trip secure plus uh
like you talked about Adventure you
talked about loss of baggage are there
any other things that you'd like to
inform us about so basically you know
these are the features uh plus you have
uh Visa processing fee as I said uh you
have end to-end baggage tracking uh you
know rallies and all the Adventure
Sports coverage so all of these are
Innovative features that we brought to
Ford in trip secure us you know often
I've found that with evolving travel
needs of customers they they are also
looking for for new experiences and that
new experience might just not be
Adventure it might be sightseeing
Heritage um a and anything could go
wrong even in that mhm I had a friend
who went abroad had an ankle injury
while they were taking a walking
Heritage Tour mhm it covers that too
let's say you have an injury even
walking on a Heritage Tour let's say you
know you you're you're in um in Paris
and you take a walking tour of the Lou
and you know God forbid something were
to happen no no it's completely covered
uh whether it is an emergency fall
accident any kind of a uh you know
critical illness you know striking uh
maybe a heart attack or what have you
including uh you know the example that
you mentioned about a Heritage walk that
you're walking around trying and doing a
sseeing and then you have this uh you
know uh Calamity falling on you all of
this is covered under trip secure and I
like that she said that they trust their
consumers they trust anybody who has an
ICC Lombard travel insurance policy
because you're not going to be stuck in
red tapism and they will clear what is
due to you quickly fast Express fast I'm
very curious to know artificial
intelligence is such a buzzword
everybody's talking about it around the
world
we've started using it at the radio
station sometimes when we need an
interesting voice we feed in a command
saying you know woman authoritative
voice British accent and we get some
interesting voiceovers because you have
so many voices as radio presenters and
sometimes you want a fresh voice MH and
I'm sure as far as your sector is
concerned uh artificial intelligence has
really helped you leverage a lot of
things so talk about icsa Lombard's role
in leveraging AI to improve efficiency
and Effectiveness in travel insurance
fantastic question and um you know all
our content a lot of marketing work
happens through AI enabled you know
tools and likewise uh from a products
perspective uh our uh trip secure plus
and other new gen products uh we have
recommendation engine depending on the
Persona of the customer which
destination he or she is traveling what
kind of U you know uh life continum
because everybody is in a different
stage of life whether it is student
whether it is a working uh um you know
corporate employee or a uh you know
businessman what have you depending on
that we have recommendation engine uh we
have more than three lakh personas that
have been created and the recommendation
engine bases the past data across our
different classes of uh insurance would
throw up what is the best suited um you
know insurance coverage it would also
have amalgamation of past claims what
kind of possibilities are there for
example you go to Russia there are
situations of mugging and all those kind
of uh you know scenarios what kind of
coverage is uh especially best and what
kind of add-ons could be offered to the
customer depending on the plan and the
city the person is traveling all of
those is customized and you know hyper
personalized hyper uh customized is what
I would say and all of that is possible
only because of our uh ever iterative
ever learning machine learning as well
as uh the AI Tool uh so across you know
the recommendation engine from a product
perspective to the servicing uh at the
macin from a auto adjudication uh you
know depending on the kind of claim that
is coming in we use uh from the front
end to Middle uh you know office and the
back office the entire process is
automated we have next Generation uh you
know technological tools apart from AI
uh you know runes and uh um you know
automation you need to have a technology
that supports and assists um from a
customer experience standpoint so all of
that we have deeply invested in that's
wonderful um and and honestly you you
you need to Leverage is the right word
you need the human interface but you
need to use AI in the proper it's almost
as though when you were describing it I
was thinking of a
bspoke uh travel insurance policy for
somebody you know like you Stitch a suit
a bspoke suit you you design a
particular travel insurance policy for
some for somebody and I'm sure all your
consumers must appreciate that you know
you you talked we both talked about
Adventure Sport we talked about bunge
jumping people are getting more
adventurous than ever before they're
indulging in extreme sports I also find
this whole idea of going off the map
going to the remotest of remote
destinations I mean people are not happy
with just going to Europe they want to
go explore the North Pole mhm take a uh
a ship Voyage to Antarctica which is
really the farthest north and the
farthest South you would go on this
planet
uh does icsa Lombard's trip secure Plus
cover the remotest of locations yes my
very short answer and brief answer is
yes uh across the length and breadth of
this whole earth our um you know travel
secure plus policy does not have any
limitations in terms of country so we
have different different plans to suit
uh uh you know voyagers when you talk
about I mean I can I can imagine a
person trying to really get the thrill
of uh you know uh going to the end of
this Earth and our our travel plan is
the best plan that would suit uh uh the
the adventure that they would under take
and uh if you could see the uh the
imagery of this product itself really is
so simple about people traveling and
traversing Uncharted territories and
trying and experiencing that uh you know
kind of uniqueness uh of the Earth so I
would say yes um you know across the
length and breadth our our travel secure
plus policy covers it and I must mention
one more Point Rishi uh the travel
insurance which is actually bought by
our U you know consumers it is backed by
expert uh Partners so every city or
every country that you would go the law
of the land U you know the guidelines
would be different uh the coordination
between if at all it is a medical
emergency or any kind of a medical
assistance you know requirement we have
expert Partners across all um you know
parts of the world who trage and assist
and support U you know the consum
consors in uh coordinating and accessing
care the ird's vision is insurance for
all by 2047 and I think that's a
fantastic
thing uh if all of us can get covered
and have our
insurance I think we'd be a safer Nation
you know more secure Nation icsl icsl
Lombard's role in contributing to irdi
as Vision a fantastic goal and um you
know personally for me more than 27
years have been you know kind of working
in the healthare health insurance sector
so many of us working at Isis Al Lumbard
it is just not one particular business
it is basically a passion to make the
difference and uh difference to the
lives of the citizens of India and I
guess what can be more empowering and
Powerful with this Beyond this goal of
27 47 you know insurance for all I mean
it's a very very empowering and very
very incredible uh uh you know kind of a
mission and icsa Lombard is geared we
are the number one um you know private
uh health insurance uh General Insurance
company and we can make the difference
we strongly believe and uh in the zest
of that immense amount of work is
undertaken U you know one of the
examples that I can talk about we
launched uh about five six months back a
product called as Elevate which is again
built on absolutely modular chassis uh
so how could really how could you really
offer a comprehensive product at a price
that really suits all because one siiz
fitall uh is not going to work so we've
really built that kind of a proposition
there's a lot of work being undertaken
from awareness perspective building
trust because trust is the most
important factor in this whole um you
know ecosystem between the consumers the
hospitals The Regulators and all the
other governmental uh you know
regulatory uh elements and the digital
infrastructure that the whole nation is
building and if you see uh Rishi uh the
overall medical uh inflation is upwards
of 14% so it is is uh growing and uh
making affordable products uh built on
um you know utmost love if I may use
that word for our consumers and uh
keeping the uh consumers and citizens of
India at the falum at the heart of it
would really help us uh take our uh you
know Way Forward and we've seen immense
uh success to this product and many more
products are in the making you know from
from the lens of the consumer because
you know it's outside in how does the
consumer trust you and that is buil Brak
brick and isard is very very committed
towards that journey and we're making
all strides to make that happen I think
you know the problem with Indians is
that when we get into relaxed
mode as long as we're working we're fine
but if we get into relaxed mode even
when we go take a holiday we say oh my
God you know I want Total relaxation I
don't want to be hassled by
anything we forget that to be relaxed
you need travel
insurance so I'd like your famous last
words on on the necessity for travel
insurance for holiday travel in
particular so I would say total peace of
mind is what travel secure plus offers
uh to Travelers who are traveling for
leisure uh with family and maybe even
solo trips or for that matter even
friends so I would say total Peace of
Mind definitely travel insurance is what
I would say so relax on your holiday but
if you want peace of mind this is the
way you get it I'm curious to know you
you know you must be so well traveled
over your years of of working in and
travel
insurance uh any vacation you took with
friends with family that is absolutely
me memorable that you could recommend or
share with us well as you rightly said
um you know traveled across at least 30
different uh countries but all for work
I can talk about the last vacation I
took with my 18yearold and uh for some
reason U you know it was Japan most of
the teenagers are wanting to go to Japan
these days and um you know recently we
went to Japan and it was an amazing uh
trip uh you know traveled across Kyoto
and multiple other places the shrines of
Japan and the whole culture the the way
the entire thing is built Rich culture
and Heritage that that that we could
really experience so that was a vacation
I can talk about and I also can talk
about out uh uh you know leel ladak uh
you know Japan trip was around 16 days
Le ladak was around 10 odd days and we
traveled by Road uh treacherous
landscape and uh it was amazing I mean
uh the whole journey both in Japan as
well as India leak was amazing so they
tell me the Japanese are incredibly
polite extremely polite very very very
polite which is wonderful you know we
all need more politeness in this world
did you go during the cherry blossom
season I just missed the cherry blossom
season by about a week and a half so I
18-year-old will say the perfect excuse
to go back again
absolutely and Lead dark you know what
strikes me about lead dark is it's
ragged and yet so beautiful yes when you
expect to go to mountains you see
Greenery but you don't see that much
Greenery really you see Jagged rock
formations but it's Stark and beautiful
it's beautiful it's beautiful the
sunrise the sunet and did you have to
climatize for a couple of days when you
went up there 48 hours or
something great and because we're a
radio station I'm very curious to know
what's on your playlist what kind of
music do you listen to and is there a
concert you went to
recently uh or maybe during your college
Years that is just Unforgettable well
concert I really can't answer but uh I'm
very much into music and classical music
I love uh you Radio One the way you guys
make it light and happy uh and uh yeah I
mean good light music uh and I sing
sometimes so that's uh something that
keeps me relaxed so to say so I mean
classical music would be like do you
like kayal tumri or do you like a
particular Gana any any form of classic
music karaki uh kind of uh you know
classical music is what I would say ktic
classical yeah amazing I had a wonderful
time talking to you than thank you so
much for uh not only sharing vital
insights about your brand but also
sharing with us uh some great moments
from your personal life thank you priia
great pleasure being here thank you
Rishi it was a wonderful uh experience
icsa Lombard presents gets some sun on
radio one comes to you every single
weekday Monday to Friday morning
afternoon evening our celebrity host is
aishman kurana and you'll find radio one
hosts who are also very well traveled
along with travel influencers keep an
eye on our YouTube Channel radio 1
International and on our Instagram
handle at 94.3 D1 India for more videos
more static uh and find out more about
icsl Lombard as well as radio one
94.3 Radio 1